TODO.md, before:

# Since May 2022:
- [x] Add controls for global drying and heating/cooling
- [x] Prevent whole width brush without tool
- [x] Add fire
- [x] Add smoke
- [x] Add variable moisture dissipation/removal to options
- [x] Fix GUI digits
- [x] Make vegitation amount (greenness) fixed
- [x] Make land evaporation proportional to amount of vegitation
- [x] Improve surface visualization
- [x] Add tree / vegetation textures
- [x] Make dust blow up with wind in areas without vegetation
- [x] Make fire spread and burn out, only in areas with vegetation
- [x] Improve fire visualization
- [x] Fix slope(green triangle) being lit up by fire
- [x] Snowy trees
- [x] Fix sounding aspect ratio
- [x] Extend sounding scale to 50°C
- [X] Add wind tool: move air by dragging

# December 18, 2022 Release:
- [x] Improve Lake/Sea editing
- [x] Improve sky visuals
- [x] Improve lighting and surface visuals
- [x] Make vertical resolution configurable from 100 to 300 cells
- [x] Don't show grass underwater
- [x] Fix snow landing underwater bug
- [x] Fix fire buring on water bug
- [x] Improve fire spreading system
- [x] Fix snow albedo
- [x] Scale tree height with vertical resolution
- [x] Add vector field velocity indicator
- [x] Make trees wave with the wind
- [x] Make behaviour of IR radiation scale with vertical resolution to fix unrealistic behavior at resolutions lower than 300

# Small changes:
- [x] Improve droplet display
- [x] Lock vertical brush position when drawing lake / sea
- [ ] Configurable simulation height

# Next Release
- [ ] Improve precipitation spawning system
- [ ] Make behaviour of precipitation scale with the vertical resolution to fix unrealistic behavior at resolution lower than 300
- [ ] Make soil and vegetation color change with soil moisture
- [ ] Improve Lake/Sea depth visualization, show the water depth under sim area and add 45 deg slopes underwater
- [ ] Add urban surface type with building textures
- [ ] Add realistic albedo's for different surface types
- [ ] Add dynamic vegetation option. Vegetation will grow when soil is wet, and die if to dry
- [ ] Add weather stations showing current conditions

# Future:
- [ ] Make weather stations show history in plots
- [ ] Better terain generation
- [ ] Allow editing while simulation paused
- [ ] Add lightning effect
- [ ] Add plane flying mode. You will be able to fly a realistic plane trough the clouds at realistic scale and speed
- [ ] Add forces to simulate coriolis effect and pressure systems to make weather more dynamic
- [ ] Add weather balloons
- [ ] Support mobile devices

... Submit your ideas in the discussions tab!

Commit message:

Add Touch Screen Input for using tools

TODO.md, after:

# Since May 2022:
- [x] Add controls for global drying and heating/cooling
- [x] Prevent whole width brush without tool
- [x] Add fire
- [x] Add smoke
- [x] Add variable moisture dissipation/removal to options
- [x] Fix GUI digits
- [x] Make vegitation amount (greenness) fixed
- [x] Make land evaporation proportional to amount of vegitation
- [x] Improve surface visualization
- [x] Add tree / vegetation textures
- [x] Make dust blow up with wind in areas without vegetation
- [x] Make fire spread and burn out, only in areas with vegetation
- [x] Improve fire visualization
- [x] Fix slope(green triangle) being lit up by fire
- [x] Snowy trees
- [x] Fix sounding aspect ratio
- [x] Extend sounding scale to 50°C
- [X] Add wind tool: move air by dragging

# December 18, 2022 Release:
- [x] Improve Lake/Sea editing
- [x] Improve sky visuals
- [x] Improve lighting and surface visuals
- [x] Make vertical resolution configurable from 100 to 300 cells
- [x] Don't show grass underwater
- [x] Fix snow landing underwater bug
- [x] Fix fire buring on water bug
- [x] Improve fire spreading system
- [x] Fix snow albedo
- [x] Scale tree height with vertical resolution
- [x] Add vector field velocity indicator
- [x] Make trees wave with the wind
- [x] Make behaviour of IR radiation scale with vertical resolution to fix unrealistic behavior at resolutions lower than 300

# Small changes:
- [x] Improve droplet display
- [x] Lock vertical brush position when drawing lake / sea
- [ ] Configurable simulation height
- [x] Add Touch Screen Input for using tools
- [ ] Add Touch Screen Input for changing view
- [ ] Add wind speed to sounding display

# Next Release
- [ ] Improve precipitation spawning system
- [ ] Make behaviour of precipitation scale with the vertical resolution to fix unrealistic behavior at resolution lower than 300
- [ ] Make soil and vegetation color change with soil moisture
- [ ] Improve Lake/Sea depth visualization, show the water depth under sim area and add 45 deg slopes underwater
- [ ] Add urban surface type with building textures
- [ ] Add realistic albedo's for different surface types
- [ ] Add dynamic vegetation option. Vegetation will grow when soil is wet, and die if to dry
- [ ] Add weather stations showing current conditions

# Future:
- [ ] Make weather stations show history in plots
- [ ] Better terain generation
- [ ] Allow editing while simulation paused
- [ ] Add lightning effect
- [ ] Add plane flying mode. You will be able to fly a realistic plane trough the clouds at realistic scale and speed
- [ ] Add forces to simulate coriolis effect and pressure systems to make weather more dynamic
- [ ] Add weather balloons
- [ ] Support mobile devices

... Submit your ideas in the discussions tab!
